581

ACIFIX 20MG TABLET is a medicine that reduces the amount of acid produced in your stomach. It is used for treating acid-related diseases of the stomach and intestine such as acid reflux, peptic ulcer disease, and some other stomach conditions associated with excessive acid production.ACIFIX 20MG TABLET is also used to prevent stomach ulcers and acidity that may be seen with the prolonged use of pain-killers. It belongs to a class of medicines known as proton pump inhibitors (PPIs). This medicine should be taken one hour before a meal, preferably in the morning. The dose will depend on your underlying condition and how you respond to the medicine. Try to take it regularly at the same time each day as advised by your doctor. You should keep on taking it as prescribed even if your symptoms disappear quickly. You may be able to help improve your symptoms by eating smaller meals more often and avoiding caffeinated drinks like tea and coffee, and spicy or fatty foods.The most common side effects that may be seen with this medicine include nausea, vomiting headache, dizziness, flatulence, diarrhea, and stomach pain. These tend to be mild but talk to your doctor if they bother you or do not go away. The risk of side effects may increase the longer you take this medicine. Long-term use (more than 1 year) may increase your risk for bone fractures, especially with higher doses. Talk to your doctor about ways to prevent bone loss (osteoporosis), like taking calcium and vitamin D supplements.Low blood magnesium levels (hypomagnesemia) have been seen in some people taking this medicine for 3 months or more. This may lead to tiredness, confusion, dizziness, muscle twitches, and an irregular heartbeat. Your doctor may monitor your magnesium levels to prevent this.ACIFIX 20MG TABLET is not suitable for some people. Before taking this medicine, you need to tell your doctor if you have severe liver problems, are taking medicines for HIV, have ever had an allergic reaction to similar medicines in the past or suffer from bone loss (osteoporosis). Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it makes your stomach produce excessive acid and can worsen your symptoms. Do not drive or use machinery or tools, if this medicine makes you feel dizzy or sleepy.
