769

Acnetoin Gel is a combination medicine that is used to treats acne. It minimizes excessive oil production, thus reduces inflammation. It also prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause acne. This also helps to prevent pimples, blackheads, and whiteheads on the skin.Acnetoin Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. A thin layer of the medicine should be applied only to the affected areas of the skin with clean and dry hands. Wash your hands before and after applying the medicine. If it gets into your eyes, nose, mouth, or vagina rinse with water. It may take several days to weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. The course of the treatment should be completed to ensure better efficacy of the medicine. If your condition does not improve or gets worse, you should talk to your doctor.This is usually a safe medicine, however, it may cause dryness, peeling, redness, and burning sensation at the application site. These side effects are usually mild and self-limiting. Most of these side effects can be prevented by using a skin moisturizer and drinking plenty of water. Serious side effects are rare. You must consult the doctor if you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.).Before using this medicine, it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines for the same disease or other diseases. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should use this medicine with proper consultation and caution. If you are a known allergic to the medicine, you must refrain from using this medicine and consult your doctor. During the course of the treatment, do not touch, prick or scratch the infected skin areas as this may worsen or spread the acne. Avoid unnecessary sun exposure and use a sunscreen before stepping out in the sun. It is also advised, not to receive any cosmetic procedures without asking your doctor.
