110

Akt 3 Kit is a combination medicine used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause the infection.Akt 3 Kit is a prescription medicine and it is to be taken as suggested by the doctor. It should be taken in an empty stomach and take it at a fixed time to ensure better efficacy. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. The course of the treatment must be completed even if you feel better. Sudden discontinuation of the treatment may affect the potency of the medicine. The medicine may take some to show its effects on the symptoms. However, it is advised to consult the doctor if you feel an aggravation of the condition or if your condition does not improve.Some common side effects of this medicine are nausea, vomiting, fever, dark-colored urine, sweating, increased saliva, etc. To cope up with the side effects, you should drink plenty of water. If any of the side effects get aggravated, you must consult your doctor immediately. Generally, serious side effects are rare. If you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.), you must seek immediate medical help.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for any health condition. Patients with liver and kidney ailments must take this medicine with proper consultation and caution. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with the doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy. During the treatment, you must take adequate rest and eat a healthy diet for a faster recovery. While on the medication, your doctor may ask for a few laboratory and diagnostic tests to know the effects of the medicine on your body.
