576

Antidep 25mg Tablet is known as a tricyclic antidepressant. It is used to treat depression and bedwetting in children of age 6 years and above. It is also effective in treating depression that is unresponsive to other treatments. Antidep 25mg Tablet works by increasing the levels of chemical messengers in the brain that stabilizes and enhances the mood. It is better to take it before bedtime because it can make you feel drowsy. It can be taken with or without food, but you should take it at a fixed time each day for better efficacy. The dose and duration will be decided by your doctor so that you get the right amount to control your symptoms. If you have missed any dose, take it as soon as you remember it. Do not skip any dose and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. This medication must not be stopped suddenly without talking to the doctor. Your dose may be modified or gradually decreased before stopping the medication.The most common side effects of this medicine include increased heart rate, blurred vision, dryness in the mouth, difficulty in urination and constipation. Initially, this medicine may also cause a sudden drop in blood pressure, especially when you change positions. It may even cause dizziness and sleepiness, do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. To lower the chances of dizziness, rise slowly if you have been sitting or lying down. It may also lead to weight gain in some people. Most of the common side effects tend to be mild and temporary. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing side effects if they bother you or do not go away. Serious side effects associated with this medicine are rare.Before taking this medicine, it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines for the same or any other diseases. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should take this medicine with proper consultation and caution. This medicine is not known to be addictive, but you can experience additional side effects (withdrawal symptoms) if you stop taking it suddenly. If you notice any sudden mood change or get suicidal or self-harm thoughts, you must consult the doctor without delay. Also, remember to take this medicine as advised by the doctor as an overdose of this medication may lead to a serious health emergency. Consumption of alcohol should be avoided as alcohol interacts with this medicine to cause serious health issues.
