202

Atorlip-F Tablet is a combination of two lipid (fat) lowering medicines. It is used to lower the levels of lipids known as cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood when lifestyle changes (eg. low-fat diet) on their own have failed. This medicine helps to reduce the risk of heart disease.Atorlip-F Tablet can be taken with a meal or on an empty stomach. You can take it at any time of the day but try to take it at the same time each day. This will help you remember to take it. Your doctor will prescribe the right dose depending on your lipid levels and how you respond to this medicine. Most people with high cholesterol and triglyceride do not feel ill, but stopping your medicine may increase your lipid levels, making your condition worse and increasing your risk of heart disease and stroke.It is important to have your cholesterol and triglyceride levels (lipid profile) checked regularly. This medicine is only one part of a treatment program which should also include a healthy low-fat diet, regular exercise, smoking cessation, moderation of alcohol intake and weight reduction. You can eat normally while taking this medicine, but try to avoid foods that are high in fat.Nausea, stomach pain, constipation, headache, flatulence (excessive gas), and muscle pain are some of the common side effects of this medicine. These are usually mild and disappear after a short time. Consult your doctor if they persist or if you notice any yellowing of your eyes, unusual bleeding or bruising or get repeated, severe, or unexplained muscle pains. You may be advised to get your liver function tested periodically while taking this medicine.This medicine should not be used in conditions such as liver disease (eg. abnormal blood tests for liver function, persistent yellowness of eyes, etc.). Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any kidney-related problems or if you are pregnant, planning a pregnancy, or breastfeeding. Diabetic patients should monitor their blood sugar levels while taking this medicine, as it may lead to an increase in blood sugar levels.
