546

Azulix 2 Tablet is a medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults. It belongs to a group of medicines called sulfonylureas and helps control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes. This helps to prevent serious complications of diabetes like kidney damage and blindness.Azulix 2 Tablet may be used alone or along with other medicines. It should be taken just before or with the first meal of the day. Take it regularly at the same time each day to get the maximum benefit. Your doctor will decide what dose is best for you and this may change from time to time according to your blood sugar levels.Keep taking this medicine, even if you feel well or your blood sugar levels are controlled. If you stop it without consulting your doctor, your blood sugar levels could rise and put you at risk of kidney damage, blindness, nerve problems, and loss of limbs. Remember that it is only part of a treatment program that should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effects of taking this medicine include low blood sugar levels (hypoglycemia), nausea, headache, and dizziness. Make sure you recognize the signs of having low blood sugar levels, such as sweating, dizziness, headache, and shaking, and know how to deal with them. To prevent this, it is important to have regular meals and always carry a fast-acting source of glucose such as sugary food or fruit juice with you. Drinking alcohol can also increase your risk of low blood sugar levels and hence should be avoided. Some people may experience an increase in weight with this medicine.You should not take it if you have type 1 diabetes mellitus, diabetic ketoacidosis (high levels of acid in your blood), or if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have ever had heart disease, thyroid disease, or some hormonal conditions, as it may not be suitable. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your blood sugar levels should be checked regularly and your doctor may also advise blood tests to monitor your blood cell counts and liver function.
